# JSON Structure and Usage

JSON manifest enables the generation of platform-specific code based on the provided JSON files. This enhancement
streamlines the development process and ensures better code organization for different platforms.

Each JSON file will be transformed into a class within the `solara_artifacts` directory.

You can place your JSON files in the following directories:

- `brands/BRAND/android/json`
- `brands/BRAND/ios/json`
- `brands/BRAND/flutter/json`
- `brands/global/json`

## The Manifest File

Each directory contains a `json_manifest.json` file with the following structure:

```json
{
    "files": [
        {
            "fileName": "",
            "generate": true,
            "parentClassName": "",
            "customClassNames": [
                {
                    "originalName": "",
                    "customName": ""
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Property Descriptions

- **files**: An array containing objects that define the JSON files to be processed.

    - **fileName**: The name of the JSON file. This should include the file extension (e.g., `config.json`).

    - **generate**: An object that specifies whether to generate a class for the JSON file and the details for that
      class.

        - **enabled**: A boolean value that indicates if class generation is enabled for this file. If set to `true`, a
          class will be created based on the JSON structure.

        - **className**: The name of the class that will be generated from the JSON file. This is typically derived from
          the `fileName`.

        - **customClassNames**: An array of objects that allow you to specify custom names for generated classes.

            - **generatedName**: The name of the class as it would be generated by default.

            - **customName**: The custom name you want to assign to the generated class instead of the default
              `generatedName`. This is useful for maintaining consistency or aligning with existing naming conventions
              in your codebase.

